docs(pacnewrelic): add pacrd new relic configuration (#298)
armory/docs: content/en/docs/spinnaker-user-guides/pacrd/_index.md

  Warning  PipelineValidationFailed  0s (x4 over 3s)        pipelines  artifact with id "a-nonsense-value" and name "" could not be found for this pipeline
```

> ## Setting up New Relic

Reviewer: ## Enabling Data Monitoring by Armory

Reviewer: Enabling Monitoring with New Relic

> If you want to setup a New Relic configuration you can add your license to your `patch.yaml` file like:

Reviewer: If you want Armory to get data on how you use PaCRD and errors you encounter you can enable a New Relic configuration. Having this data helps Armory improve the product and provide better support. If you want further details on what data is sent and how it's used please connect with our team to talk to the product manager.

To enable this, you can add the New Relic license to the `patch.yaml` file as follows:

Reviewer: Note to self: Perhaps I should make the data gathering into public and documented, let me think on that

Author: They can configure their own license and see the errors in their env, in case they want to send us metrics we need to provide them with our license.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to send Armory data about how you use PaCRD and the errors you encounter, you can enable a New Relic integration. Having this data helps Armory improve the product and provide better support. For information about what data is sent and how it is used, contact Armory.

To enable this integration, add the New Relic license to the `patch.yaml` file:

Reviewer: Ah interesting - in that case let me make some changes to the suggestions

Reviewer: Tweaking Brian's suggestion:

If you want to monitor how PaCRD is used and the errors encountered, you can enable a New Relic integration. You can either send this data to your New Relic account or to Armory's New Relic account. If you choose to share the data with Armory, it helps us improve the product and provide better support. For information about what data is sent and how it is used, contact Armory, or simply enable it with your New Relic account first.

To enable this integration, add the New Relic license to the `patch.yaml` file as shown below. If you send it to Armory's New Relic account we will give you a license to use, otherwise use your New Relic account's license.

   ```yaml
   # file: patch.yaml
   apiVersion: v1
   kind: ConfigMap
   metadata:
     name: pacrd-config
     namespace: spinnaker
   data:
     pacrd.yaml: |
       spinnakerServices:
         # NOTE: change `spinnaker` to your namespace name here
         front50: https://spin-front50.spinnaker:8080
         orca: https://spin-orca.spinnaker:8083
       # fiatServiceAccount: <fiatServiceAccount>
       newRelicLicense: <newRelicLicense>
   ```

By default the application name will be `pacrd`, if you want to change this you can add `NewRelicAppName` property at the same level of `newRelicLicense` and add your own custom application name.

> 

Reviewer 3: Perhaps add a line here about how it will report some basic reconciliation statistics, and obfuscate app/pipeline names and such?

Author: Forgot to tell that it will send only for the mins 1-3 each hour. Let me add also that. :trollface:

Author: Added the comments and screenshot

  Warning  PipelineValidationFailed  0s (x4 over 3s)        pipelines  artifact with id "a-nonsense-value" and name "" could not be found for this pipeline
```

## Setting up New Relic

If you want to setup a New Relic configuration you can add your license to your `patch.yaml` file like:

   ```yaml
   # file: patch.yaml
   apiVersion: v1
   kind: ConfigMap
   metadata:
     name: pacrd-config
     namespace: spinnaker
   data:
     pacrd.yaml: |
       spinnakerServices:
         # NOTE: change `spinnaker` to your namespace name here
         front50: https://spin-front50.spinnaker:8080
         orca: https://spin-orca.spinnaker:8083
       # fiatServiceAccount: <fiatServiceAccount>
       newRelicLicense: <newRelicLicense>
   ```

> Since reconciliation happens multiple times per minute, metrics are send only on minutes 0-3 each hour. Also error messages have obfuscated urls and application names.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Since reconciliation happens multiple times per minute, Armory sends metrics only during the first three minutes of each hour.   Error messages contain obfuscated URLs, application names, and pipeline names.
```
